
1. Bottom of page 4. The authors need to clarify the notation:

The fold numbers r and r_i are not well-defined. Please maintain the
notational consistency. You defined only "r_i". What do you mean by: 'For each
"fold" r'?


2. Page 6.  By my understanding, the authors must assume further that

n  >> K
m >> K	

That is, they need to ensure that they are choosing n and m larger that K.
This limitation should be clarified to the reader.


3. Section 2.2. The authors need to clarify if and how the methods are applied
to a non-regression setting.


4. Section 3. I am very confident that the slope statistics (Fujita et al) is
also self-consistent under the absence of noise. This follows basically from
the properties of finite differences.  On the other hand, the original
Silhouette method is not self-consistent. The authors could explore this
easily in this section in one paragraph.


5. Proposition 1. 

5.1 In order to check condition (iv), it seems the user must know something about K.

5.2 Should it be CV(k)>CV(K)?

5.3 My feeling is that once the reader fully understand the ingredients of the
procedure, Proposition one renders trivial.  The authors could provide direct
arguments for that. This seems to follow straightforward from the properties
of estimation in a regression setting.


6. Proposition 2. Please, define the indicator function.

7. Page 18, line 14. I am not sure of that. For skewed and/or heavy tailed
distributions the propositions may not work. For instance, the expectation
E(Y|Y>0) could be infinite (see the Cauchy distribution). Furthermore, the
distributions of each cluster could be very different from each other.


8. Figure 2. Please define correctly the x,y axis 


9. Page 20, first paragraph:

Proposition 2 only shows that if |rho|<0.5 the method works correctly. Maybe I missed something.


10. Page 22, line 3. Maybe the standardized Euclidean norm in the k-means
algorithm could produce good results. 


11. Page 23, line 35. Under normal distributions, the slope statistics
proposed by Fujita et al. also works very good if the clusters are well
separated. There are two R packages for computing the slope statistics: 

https://www.rdocumentation.org/packages/anocva/versions/0.1.1/topics/optimalSlope

and:

https://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/cstab/cstab.pdf


12. Page 25, line 31. The Slope statistic also works well under correlation.
See the papers simulations (section 5).  Moreover, in Fujita et al., it is
showed that some of the methods used here have bad performances under some
scenarios which slope statistic was very good (high dimensional data, t and
exponential distributions for each cluster, correlated items, Gaussian and
uniform, heterogeneity). 

The paper can be improved in some justifications and also I am missing a
comparison with the slope statistics.


